it was in my skin pursuits and in my military pursuits I have always seen
the major beneficiaries are the people for whom my work is immediately
targeted whether it be an intelligence report whether it be a
new application in computer science I see a small group of people for
whom I've been told this product is being developed in this report
is being given but I also see a hierarchy and because all the work
I've done has been in the heads to the government so now are you trying
to serve the immediate people around you at your trying to serve
their comrades in arms intends further on up the entire service and
of course the ultimate you're trying to serve all of the nation in
providing the products with the woman